I will just forward you the e-mail and
you know Mark actually wanted to kind of
broadly connect with you and.
And make it happen.
But since we are here, right,
like I'll just forward that to you.
I'm checking that e-mail.
OK.
Just send now.
Mm hmm.
Waiting.
Haven't gotten it yet.
I'm waiting for it.
Mm H.
In the mean, yeah.
Did you send it to my e-mail?
I don't see it.
Oh, there it is now it came.
So what is he doing?
What is he doing?
Village.
Is that shine entity?
Tommy gold.
No bother.
Again,
I can no longer access the app slash TV
again complaints about privileges getting
the setup.
Was he trying to do?
He's trying to go to child.
Let's see if we can go to child.
I think he is fine on the access part.
We actually can't access things like from
what you can see from the track.
Yeah, he should be able to.
I am.
Logged in as him right now.
Yeah. So he he needs access. You know,
like to testing and to, you know,
Yeah. So basically what happened is well,
yeah, Paskwa created some roles.
to the migration.
OK.
And I mean define like who has to have
bot access at what level?
And I have made sure that they have that
access in UAT.
When you say migration migration is
happening in prod.
So that's a different axis.
Would you want me to add him?
Can you just maybe mention all those
things like DB?
Which is CRM.
He has access to and he can see all the
children.
I'm just trying to see if he can edit a
child.
Yeah, he also needs, you know,
access to the database.
Let's quickly check. That's quickly check.
Actually, you know like via.
Which database?
The.
Both the CRM, UAT.
There is no database for CRM.
Right.
Everything is online.
There is no SQL database here.
Well, iconnect to the database.
To access directly, you know, to see,
you know what's in tables and stuff for
post migration.
Wait, can you show me what you do?
And.
Yes, let me just.
So there is a way to connect to CRM via
SQL Server,
but that is only read only so that is not
a access to database.
There is a tool you can use which mimics.
SQL which is called CDs for SQL.
But yeah,
maybe you can show me what you mean when
what you can do, which Igor cannot.
I can help you with that.
So Victoria,
that tool is the one that I use, right?
I can do SQL in that xrm tools. Yeah. OK,
I've already seen that, but I don't.
Yes.
We'll see what Sanja doing.
Yeah,
I'm just trying to find my link to that
to.
Azure.
OK.
Give me just a second.
Sorry about that.
OK.
So here is Azure data studio.
So this is only read only access which I
think he can also.
Do,
but he needs to be a super user to do
that or whatever.
Bi team needs to see.
He will see that in this.
Yeah. So he he had access previously,
right?
Like he had access all the way till.
You know, whatever.
It's not last week, but week.
Till 22nd of May and then you know,
last week when he came in,
he couldn't access it on 27th of May.
So something changed.
Can you?
Can you show me which environment are you
talking about?
Just just open that up and then try to
connect. Whether you used to.
I think.
OK.
So yeah.
This is what I access and you know for I
don't know what sex. Migration. Staging.
Oh OK.
So currently I use these two location new
and.
Can you open them?
What do they connect to?
I need to see the connection service
server name.
You need to re authenticate because you
closed it.
So let's see if.
Just go back in here.
OK.
So it's green now.
Yeah. So you see,
I can see all this stuff.
Show me the connection service with
server name.
Show this other name.
Uh.
Then I get it in here with my credit now
here.
Yep, Yep.
Click on that.
There it is.
This is prakshan.
Yeah.
Yes,
that's what they're using for the
migration for the production.
Yeah.
Let me check.
Previously for CPF,
there's data that we were accessing and
then, you know,
like from the previous attend to,
you know, call life things where,
you know, we access actual CPF dot CRM.
Yeah, I'm checking his.
Access for prod.
On a security.
Is it bad off?
Let's try to give him this aim.
I think there was no change there,
but let's.
Set up the way UAT is and let me try to
log in as him now.
Well.
If it is just that,
I think he should have access now in prod
anyway. He has access,
so that's something which is.
Being resolved.
I'm just going to request Igor to join if
he can.
Yeah, we can ask him.
Cement cement.
Just track with you.
Yep, he should be able to access CRM,
so let's see.
If he wants to access.
Via service user which is like you guys
use, it combines for that.
There's no access because this is
probably a super user type of thing,
because he will only see the tables he
has to.
He's supposed to actually from the
security doors, which is not all of them.
So let me check what you have.
Onion.
You are part of super user list.
He's not part of that,
so he will not see that.
Probably that is the problem.
Yeah,
so this I can describe to you what he
So Mark, if Yep.
needs to do is, you know,
like what we are doing is, you know,
for migration purposes.
You know access directly.
You know, like tables to do the counts,
sums and checks.
OK.
You know that type of stuff.
I can add them to the Super user group.
For this while,
because I think based on the list from
taskwa,
he should not be able to do super user
things.
But yeah,
I will make him a super user and then I
think every access should go.
Issue should go away once we are once we
are done with the data checks and all,
I'll shift him back to the original team
he is.
Should be part of.
OK.
I am almost done adding him to super user.
Yep,
he's part of the same group as you are
now,
so you should have all the privileges you
have in production, only not in UAT.
Annuity is set up the way.
OK.
The permissions were supposed to be.
OK.
So he can access this now.
So can we can contact you today if you
know,
like I was trying to get Igor here on
this call, but you know,
Yep, Yep.
I guess he's not at his desk,
so I'll connect with you directly.
No problem.
You know, like,
if this is not working because it's kind
Yep.
of you.
Know I really need him to do stuff and
you know, losing, like,
how last week is a lot.
I mean you can ping me anytime.
Actually I'm I work in the same time zone
as you guys,
so you should be able to reach out to me.
Yeah.
Yeah. Thank you.
Just ping me on teams.
Give me a call.
I'm here.
Thank you so much.
No problem.
Oh, sorry. Sorry, Sonya.
I didn't want to go.
No, no, no, no problem gone.
I have a question after.
Go ahead, Sonia.
Please.
OK.
I don't know.
I don't know what Sonia went.
Oh, I'm here.
Oh, OK.
Yeah.
No,
my my question was more just for for
Vikrant.
Just about the.
What's it called?
Document core pack so I know I mentioned
just to you earlier today I started to
Yep.
try to do some learning on my own,
but I think I think I don't have access
and I don't.
I don't want you to do really anything
about it really just at this.
Point.
But can I just share a quick screen with
Yep.
you just to so you can confirm. OK,
so I have,
I've done some stuff like where I'm
trying to just sort of learn before you
know.
Yes.
I get permission from from you guys.
But I've got this.
You know I've added the add on.
I don't even know if this is what you're
supposed to do,
but I when I go to try to do anything I
think it's a licensing thing.
I think we don't have.
I don't have a license for it yet.
'cause I get like I'm connected.
But then I don't have.
I just want to show you the screen and
it's taking a while to show you.
And.
Yeah, yeah.
But what I just wanted to just start
playing around with it just to get
familiar so that when one day we will be
using this tool, I'll be able to like,
you know use templates and put in fields.
OK, so so this is what I'm getting and.
Yes.
Not business unit but not match license.
This.
I think this is probably your log in as
your CBF account, right?
Yeah.
I think it could be that you need a
developer license for this full access
OK.
access denied. One second,
OK full access access denied.
You are a super user.
Which environment are you connected to,
by the way?
This is UAT, so CBF, uat.
OK.
Let me check I think your super is
already solved.
Yeah.
So it's not a permission thing.
If you are a super user because I
remember you.
For.
Yep, you are so pretty. So you.
But I don't know how that ties in with.
Yeah, like like when.
You have access,
but you don't have connections. It's uat.
Yep, I think.
That could be a license thing.
Let me see.
Let me talk to Claire.
I think she can give assigned licenses
there.
Find out if we should have the license
yet or not.
But like I said,
I wanted to start playing around because
I'll probably be one of the people that's
gonna actually work on these templates.
So I'm just trying to learn and then
hopefully help Claire and then eventually
Yeah.
when we take this over,
I'll be able to like be a little ahead of
the game.
It seems very familiar.
Once I get in,
I bet you I could see like mail merge
Yes, yes.
fields that are pulling from the database.
Yeah, OK.
You have exactly.
You'll see all the fields on the right
side from the database and then basically
Yeah.
select them.
Same like my merge,
you will be able to add them in.
You will be able to basically go into
related entities as well.
I think there is a limit to how many
levels you can go, but yeah,
you can do that as well.
So yeah, it's it's it's similar to.
OK.
Basically it's a template.
So yeah,
it's just your you will probably see
something like when you insert fields
you'll see like this.
I'm just putting it in chat contact ID.
So something like this which I just
pasted in chat as a placeholder for all
Right.
the places you will add the fields in and
then that gets rewritten.
Right.
So it's yeah, it's exactly the same.
And I wanted to start playing around with
like if statements and all that 'cause.
Yeah.
I know there's little things that bug me,
like with. There's like no salutation.
So if there's no salutation,
then don't print the salutation and start
Yeah.
the name right away,
like all of these kind of mail merge
things like I do like like all the time.
So I just, yeah,
I just things that we could start working
on that's kind of what our team wants to
do,
but I know it's difficult while XP is
doing the development,
Yeah.
we want to have one,
one source that's doing it, so.
Yep.
Anyhow, OK.
But I can I can.
Thank you. Yeah.
I can connect with you,
I think in the next session we can have
this.
Maybe take a look at.
Or maybe we can do this week if we are
available.
Yeah, like I said, we're not.
We're not doing this development right
now because it's all being done still by
XP.
So if we learn it now and we don't do it
for several months,
Yep.
sometimes it's hard to remember so.
So we'll figure out what's most important
for the team to to be doing,
Yeah.
and that's we'll we'll go with that.
But if others are interested in this.
This document core pack I think,
I think it would be something interesting
and useful.
It is, to me at least.
Yep.
Thank you.
And Mark,
what do you think about showing the
toolbox if everybody's here,
I can maybe show them the toolbox if
Yeah, I guess.
they're interested.
Yeah,
if you could sort of give a little like
preamble like what it's used for and like
what you know,
that kind of thing because I I think
there's a lot of value in that xrm
toolbox.
I just don't know. Yeah.
Sure.
I let me just quickly go in our chat and
That'd be interesting.
try to get that login credentials which I
shared with you so that I can connect to
All right.
that just a second.
Sure.
I thought the session was cancelled so
because I I was waiting on topics.
Yes, I did.
I didn't realize either.
I was on with Ernesto and I we realized
it was starting.
Yeah.
Give another try. It was the slow.
I thought it was better to just join and
check. You know,
people may come up as as we did with
questions.
Yeah.
So I.
Morgan.
I think we might be recording credentials.
Will that be fine?
Yeah.
Oh, because the records on right now,
right? Yeah.
Yes.
So we will be recording how you log in,
which or or maybe I can show them and
then put them put the credences back I
mean.
By hiding it,
let's just let's just do that.
I'll stop sharing and then.
OK.
Yeah, that's good.
Hopefully I don't.
I don't share my credentials.
By mistake so.
I will share a link from where you'll
download a zip file which you will then
extract and there will be.
Let's say there'll be a folder something
like. If I can find it.
So xrm.
OK.
So there will be a zip file which you
will extract once you've extracted that
you will go to the profile inside the
file which will be called xrm toolbox.
And then in here you will find Xrm
toolbox EXE application which you will
open.
And once you open that up,
it will take you to this screen.
And now let's just talk about what this
app is now.
So I'll share a link.
You can download it from there and then
unzip it and then open the open the
executable.
This is a tool which will be used very
extensively if you are working in
Dynamics 365.
Besides everything you need any tool
which you.
Maybe imagine it this way.
You want to update fields in bulk.
There might be a tool here which you can
use.
You might want to create a fetch XML.
There is a tool for that.
You want to basically work for on plugins,
which is basically workflows,
custom workflows, right?
The code we used to write.
I think we talked about this tool briefly,
so the plugin registration tool,
when we were talking code.
So all of those tools are present in this
single tool.
It's it's a platform where all the tools
are hosted.
Now to connect to your environment,
you click on connect on the top here and
then you can create a new connection and
then I will give you, well,
whoever needs this tool to be used in
their real life, right?
If if it's meant to be used for you.
You will get a client ID in client secret.
You cannot log in from Microsoft
credentials because I think your CBF is a
managed environment which doesn't allow.
You to directly connect as you so.
Mark cannot go and update things from
this tool because you're he's not allowed
to.
So it's environment level.
It's a tenant level.
It's disabled there for CBF and I think
it's on purpose because you don't.
Everybody going in and logging in,
so now you click on client ID and client
secret.
You mention your URL here, which will be.
I think it's this one.
Let's just start with production.
If it was production.
This is the URL.
So you can directly maybe just say CBF
here or just put the whole URL like this.
So it's the same thing now.
CBF now.
Click on next and then put in your client
ID in client secret.
Click connect and you can click save
secret. Get connect if you want to.
It's encrypted, by the way,
if it saves it,
click connect and then close this it,
it'll ask you to put a name.
Just put this something like this.
I just put a CDF data dev prod and so on
and so forth.
Once you have done that.
You will be able to use a lot of tools
here.
Let's start with one of the tools,
which is CDs for SQL.
So this is where I was saying sanija you
cannot do read write.
From the way you connected because it's a
readonly call.
Mm hmm.
So you can connect via that tool as only
read only if you want to make any updates
you would use.
You would have to use SQL for CDs and log
in and connect to production.
Right.
And then you can say you can write SQL
commands with all the commands you have.
I think you cannot execute queries like.
If you want to write a query which.
Basically creates a variable and then
uses it.
Something things like that cannot be done.
I think it doesn't allow you,
but simple queries like update.
This where system username is Vikrant.
All of those small queries can be written
here.
Like I've written here.
So let's start from role where parent ID
is this and then you hit execute you'll
be able to.
Get your output here and then see it.
Or if you want to edit it,
you can write further queries like select
start from rows, right?
We'll give you all the rows in the table
called role.
And that's one of the tools.
One of the tools is plugin registration
tool which again you click on go to tools
and just search here plug in and select
and it will ask you to connect to a
environment as it is already connected.
It is asking me not.
To and then it logs me into the tool and
we can update the assembly by clicking
here and then click update.
Go to your.
I think this is going back to how we did
the plug in when we were talking about
work custom workflows.
So you just go here to the debug area of
your code, right?
And then here you will select your file
and then load assembly and then update
selected plugin.
This is how you update your custom code
in the environment.
And there are many tools like that.
Let's just go and see where you can
access all the tools. Click configuration.
Click on two library.
And just uncheck this.
So that it shows you all the tools
because I have some.
Sorry, just check this one.
It will show you all the tools which have
installed as well.
So let's just search for some of the
tools maybe.
XML format or something like that?
Build delete tool. See bulk.
Execution of workflows bulk delete tool.
My bad.
This is the migration tool if you want to
migrate between CRM,
there is a tool for that in the same
tenant. Not like we cannot.
They have to have same table structure,
same fields.
Only then it will work.
So it's very picky about how you can do
things.
But yeah,
you can do that as well if you have same
CRM environments.
It's not like you can connect to SQL and
then bring in data.
You might have to write custom code for
that.
You will not find a tool for that.
XML viewer.
And a lot of tools actually.
Let's just look at.
Some of them from the list,
which I think would make sense.
You can update bulk fields from here
attribute bulk updater.
You can delete audit history.
Sorry, rollback audit history.
Auto number manager.
I think it's absolute now because we
already have auto number in CRM.
A lot of tools,
but it might not be what it says on in
here.
So order number of data might not update
order numbers due to some restrictions.
These you might have to go through all
these tools if you're looking for a
specific scenario,
just go and search for the tool in here
saying OK can I update fields in bulk
from?
Let's just search for that tool here.
Just write bulk here or update here and
if you see a tool,
see if it makes sense for you to be used.
Let's just do fetch.
If you want to create a fetch XML or
export fetch XML, you would use this tool.
Let's just see if I can open.
So you can build fetch XML.
So if you are rewriting code right?
Thanks.
If you're writing fetch XML code,
you can actually search here and build
your xmls queries and then even run them
to see if it works,
and then use it in your code.
Some tools like this one might not be
much of you might not be able to use this
to build the FH XML,
because fetch XML can directly be built
here as well in CRM.
So it's like a lot of.
Tools might be absolute now, but.
There is no harm in searching that.
So I think this is.
What we have here like these are the
tools.
We have not. We have.
We can.
We want to show them, I think,
would it be useful for the end to end
relationship exporter importer.
How it's used and all of that?
How do you think it's too niche?
Hmm.
Marked up.
Yeah. No, I'm here.
I'm just thinking.
I don't know.
Like, I mean,
I guess it's it's hard to sometimes
explain like a tool until somebody has a
need.
Yeah.
Like if they say, oh,
I really wish I could do this and then.
But yeah, like I mean, I don't know.
Mm hmm.
I don't know what to suggest for the
group.
I think that's more of a very specific
scenario tool and not everybody will be
able to do use that because not everybody
will be allowed to update fields in bulk.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, I think maybe.
Let's just look at this if you want to
look at security roles,
you just use this tool to look at them.
But again,
this is not that useful because I can
look at security roles in CRM directly by
my admin.
So yeah, I think.
A lot of tools are absolute,
but a lot of tools are very useful,
like the ones which we are using.
But this is how you connect.
Mm hmm.
Just explore,
I would say just go and explore tools
here in the tools library.
And see if something you need is there
and then maybe try to you open that tool
and understand it.
Every tool is unique.
There are, I think,
a lot of tools I don't even know how many.
Probably 1000 plus.
So you can never.
Learn a tool because it keeps evolving
and people keep updating and it's all
open source so you can look at the code
as well.
Yep.
I think that was how you connect to box.
How you search for the tools here.
How plugin tool is searched.
There is a tool called SQL for CDs which
lets you write queries like SQL and
update, delete,
create records from this tool like you
used to do in.
Normal sq tables but this is I think one
of the tools which I use a lot.
Check things and maybe to create or
delete stuff in bulk as well.
I if it's straightforward query,
I can write it.
I don't need to write code,
but if you have queries which go and find
for search for a record in table and then
make some action,
I think those things won't work.
Yes.
If you want to.
Even the tools which say migration data
migration only work for CRM to CRM
environments and not external data
sources.
And even if they do,
I don't think there is one.
I think that there was one somebody
published it would not.
It would have to be that comprehensive to
transform the data and then migrate it,
but you if you have two environments,
so basically prod and.
Non prod you can copy over data.
Again,
that is absolute because Microsoft gives
Yeah.
you a feature of copy environment
directly with a single click of button
where you can copy your production to
your nonprods and your non prod to
production.
So yeah.
I mean.
And and just to like,
just like I'll just share sort of me like,
so I I I've just been playing around with
this too and I'm just trying to look at
certain tools that are just simple for me
and less technical.
But for example,
you know like I I found this tool here
that says it's a residence generate to
excel.
Document.
So like I can pick a bunch of, you know.
Entities or whatever they're called,
I use the wrong term,
but like I could select them I can send
it to a file.
And then I can generate the document and
it'll actually.
Create a document.
Yeah,
it just exports these fields to excel.
It just exports them a tab for each one
and I can actually sort of like you know,
Yep.
see like the the metadata around those
like. I mean,
Yep.
it's just there's so many tools you don't
know what's going to be useful until you
A lot.
Yes.
get used to this. So start.
Simple like with queries running some
just query using the SQL one.
I'm using one with Vikrant that has to do
with querying like multiple like many to
many records.
Because we were doing some some data sort
of exports and imports and it's it came
Yep.
in really useful for that.
So for updating the app users, Ernesto,
like when we have to tell 1 user has
Yes, yes.
several sub programs that they support.
There's a tool we can use a tool in here
to actually see who's using what and then
you can you can delete like the
connections and you.
Can re add new ones you can.
It's just there's lots of things in here
that will come in handy.
As we get more familiar, so yeah.
Yes. And I think using Excel toolbox,
whoever.
Is interested.
I think it will be helpful in long run
because you now understand your
requirement and then maybe say hey maybe
there is a tool for that and then come
here and search and if you don't find it
Yeah.
all then you write your own code or you.
Write something.
To make that job happen.
But I would say start always start with
whatever is out-of-the-box.
So go and see if there is something which
you can do directly in power platform.
Like a lot of scenarios,
I told you copying environment,
migrating data from one environment to
the other and a lot a lot of things like
that XML and and what not all of that can
be done directly in CRM.
But if you think that tool which maybe
gives.
You a better view of what you want,
then you can go ahead and use same tool
in Excel toolbox.
And yeah,
be mindful of what you can do directly in
power platform.
And what you can do in two.
Because then again,
Microsoft says always use out-of-the-box
and then go to a tool.
Any questions on anything else?
I know this example box will be a new
thing,
so I think once you go and use it only
then it'll be like.
Yeah.
I I guess sticking with what's offered in
Interactive.
on the platform is also better for the
maintenance reasons, right?
Like these tools can change anytime there
is,
Yes, exactly.
you know if it's available in power tools
like that's that would be.
There and supported.
You know,
like if Microsoft does any changes to it.
Yes,
so it's these tools can go away any day.
So because what?
What it is is it's out of the it's open
source product which somebody created and
then people like me who know CRM go and
build tools for this.
And I think I built one of the tools here
with my previous organization.
But we we have those tools which we
create as a developer and then give it to.
The community.
What Microsoft can tomorrow come in and
say Xrm toolbox is a malware,
don't use it.
And then you have to stop using it.
Right,
because it's not officially supported,
but it's useful.
It's encrypted.
Everything is good,
but you know Microsoft can come in
tomorrow and tell you not to use it.
So always use power platform things first
and then go to go to.
And Mark,
did you or anybody else who sure has a
login issue or you were like showed me
right?
You were supposed to access something,
but you cannot right now.
Do you guys have that?
Yeah.
Anyone here have that issue?
I.
I don't. I'm good.
OK.
Because I think what is going to happen
is guys, there will be small,
small places like I'm not, how do I?
How do I frame it?
There'll be some places.
Where you want it to go,
but you might not be able to right now,
right?
So just ping me that because in at a
global level at at A at a larger scale I
have added everybody to most of the
entities and most most of the features
they should be able to access.
But you might encounter small errors here
and there saying, hey,
you cannot do this or you cannot like
Mark specifically,
Mark cannot when Mark creates on create
well mark clicks on create document,
he gets a error but he's able to move
forward with what he wants to do.
With document.
So I think there is a issue there.
I will look into that,
but issues like this where you click a
button it it supposed to create a batch
S.
but it doesn't create a batch for you.
But yesterday it was or maybe last week
it was doing that.
That could be a security issue as well,
not just something broken there in the
process.
So just ping me or ping in this group if
you have issues like that.
So. So Vikrant, let me just let's clarify.
So for example, you may have.
I may have permissions to access batches
so I can click on batches and then I have
access to to to do stuff here,
but if I go to do one of these things
like maybe click on new or delete then I
might hit a permission issue because I.
Yeah.
Yes.
Can view them and I can do certain things,
but there's further things down that then
need another permission.
Exactly. Exactly.
OK.
Yeah,
actually now and I think I you know like
And then.
I I think I had access to children data
within the you know application and then
I I don't now and there are things that I
would like to have access and I think I
probably did have access such.
Can you?
Can you be?
As.
Yeah.
Can you be a little specific on child
data? I can maybe look into that.
Oh, let me.
You know, walk like I did.
And.
Tried that like since like last week.
I don't know if anything can may have
changed and I don't remember.
Just one thing which I want to clarify is
delete feature is not for everybody.
So delete is and new as well in some
entities is not for everybody.
Right.
I'm just gonna click try to to see.
Children.
I think you stopped sharing sanija.
And that was me.
I was sharing because I was going to show
an example but and then if Sonia
No.
Oh, sorry.
OK.
remembered, I could try her her scenario,
but I can't.
I don't know.
OK.
Yeah.
Just a.
I don't know what was the the case,
so let's try just.
See,
I think as soon as I would get the child,
there was a problem.
It's not read only.
This record status enacted.
So this is inactive.
You have to find active child.
This is inactive child.
Mm hmm.
He will not be able to do anything in
records of any table because they are not
Yeah. Which that make that makes sense.
active.
That that is fine.
And for some reason,
all inactive children just come on the
Actually.
top.
I think we have.
Like actually I don't know how his
functionality you know.
We might have to look into that.
Sorry I didn't.
And and quite catch that.
Can you repeat that?
I'm just saying what generally makes
sense, you know,
not not being able to change inactive
stuff.
Right. In our current system,
we do have that functionality where you
Yes.
know child is,
you know order gift has been inactivated
and you want to reinstate it.
It's actually that there is a process,
yeah.
That's a feature.
That's a different feature.
I think there is a reinstatement feature
which I'm but but you can not saying that
you can do that for the gift or recurring
gift.
Don't do that.
There there is,
I think a process for that.
But for making a record active again,
there is a button there you can
reactivate that record.
Yeah, I noticed all.
Because I think gifts are little complex,
so they go in a difference scenario.
I think I don't.
Where were you having issues?
Let me just see here the product.
I don't think I can change anything on
the product.
You can.
I wanted to.
2016 CBFC.
Production is different.
Oh.
Production. You cannot do anything.
Yes, but we we shouldn't be able.
Most of the people cannot.
I think you can.
You are a super user.
You can do it right now,
but not everybody else.
Here it allows me OK.
So I guess it's fine. You know,
what if I run into issue,
I let you know generally speaking like I
I test most of the time,
you know like the migration box which you
know even when it prompts you to you know
whether you want to save the.
Changes it's always null, right?
Because you don't want to touch that
environment.
Yeah.
And same goes,
you know like with the you know whether
we are accessing you know.
To the Azure data studio, same thing.
Yep.
We don't do any updates,
we just need access to things to create
that.
Yeah,
for for yesterday you cannot do any
updates at all. It's not possible.
It's read only request only because I
think that is Microsoft has enabled that.
So from SQL for CDs only you can do edits
or by accessing the environment or by
using one of the tools which we were
looking at or by writing code.
I mean many more,
but not from Azure Studio, sorry.
OK.
That's great.
Here I would.
I've got another question.
I I think this is more just.
Dynamics in general, but Sonia,
go back to children or go back to some
view and then.
Any view products.
Any view?
Sure. And then click on like, OK,
so this this is my, my,
my pet peeve or my beef with this is if
you go and change like go click on like
one of the filters at the top.
So like status,
so you say you want to filter.
Not that.
Not that that's the.
Direct filtering the in the view, yeah.
Aunt.
But just one of the drop downs.
So close that.
Yep.
Oh, these ones, OK.
Yeah, yeah.
I just want to know if there's something
Yep.
that's going to be fixed or if this is
specific to us.
So say filter by, yeah.
Yeah.
And like say like yeah,
OK on and you can pick a date.
Click click of the so you know what's
really annoying that I find with a lot of
these sort of quick filters or whatever
you call them is is you have to click
somewhere else to click the apply button.
Does that bug anybody else?
So for example.
Kind of, yeah.
That's that.
Oh, this one works.
This one's nice, the date,
but if you say like contains like,
This one works.
'S.
you know,
like the last name or a word you have to
No, no, I think.
I think I know.
I know what you mean.
I think it will work on in the drop downs
so it will not work here.
click, yeah.
Don't use this one. Go to.
Go to web transactions for me please.
It's it's not something which you can fix.
It's Microsoft product we don't have.
I just I wonder if they're going to fix
it.
They should just make the window a little
bit bigger so that the yeah.
Go to finance. Yeah.
Go to web transactions now.
Now click on the drop down of is there a
oh, yeah. Web transaction type.
That transaction type right here.
And then do filter by and do equals and
then select maybe one.
I think you mean this one.
Yeah, yeah, like this.
Yeah.
Like, how do you you?
I know how to get there.
You have to click somewhere on that
little box that behind. Yeah, yeah,
Yes.
it's it's not a big deal.
But yeah, it's not.
It's just just annoying.
It's annoying.
It's not something we can we can,
which we can change, right, it's it's bad.
Yeah, anyhow.
Sharing my frustration of little things.
OK.
I don't have anything.
OK.
Well, we we make use of this meeting.
It's been 15 minutes.
We can like any other questions.
I think my I might have already mentioned
this,
but please if you if you have issues with
logins you can use this chat directly to
ping me or tag me say hey Vikrant I can't
do this.
I can't do that and I'll be able to help.
You might.
You don't have to wait for.
You to communicate to somebody else and
then go through a channel for security.
So just straight up come here and ping me
for security.
Your security guy.
Yes, I am the security guy.
OK, great. I I actually, you know,
thought I just asked you today.
I I didn't know that that goes to you
anyway.
Yeah. For security, just come to me.
So OK.
Thanks so much and I I will for sure
contact you or Igor,
Yeah.
you know directly so you can you know.
Yes, please.
That I I guess direct talking to him is
the best, right?
He can show you what's going on.
Yeah, yeah, yes.
Thanks so much Vikrant.
No problem.
Mark,
can you do you still have that issue with
create document?
Yeah, I haven't tried in a while I can.
I can try it now.
Yeah. Let's see.
I mean, just let's just see if it works.
S.
Because you have the three licenses which.
They say you need for because I was
reading through the documentation of.
Yeah. Again, it says the same thing.
Cool, no problem.
Hmm.
I'll see.
It goes from the documentation of this
tool.
OK.
It looks like you have all three licenses.
Maybe there is one more, but let's see.
Maybe.
I will. I'll have to.
Do you need any other screenshots like?
Do you need me to send OK?
No, I think that I good.
I'm good.
I I can impersonate you.
So I just tried doing that and you still
have that issue and I made some role
I like, yeah.
changes but and and why do you why does
it allow you to go into this screen?
If there is error.
I don't know.
It's. Yeah, it's like it doesn't.
And then it lets me go in after.
So I thought it's strange, yeah.
Yeah.
And and I even I tried creating documents
and I was like, hey, why can't you even?
You can even create documents and you can
attach it to notes and even everything
Yeah, yeah, I can do all this stuff.
and not notes but.
Yeah. So that's what I was wondering.
But still you get that error.
Yeah, that's strange.
Yeah. OK.
I will have a look. Yeah. Thanks.
Thank you.
Awesome. Thank you guys.
Thank you so much.
Today.
Have a good day. Bye.
Thank you, sanoj. Bye bye bye.
Thank you.